Currently, you are the only one
whose test results are compatible
Donating bone marrow
could give you a reduced sentence,
an early release
The decision is in your hands
Think it over carefully
I’ve thought it through
I want to be released early to see my husband and son
My husband has never brought my son to visit
I don’t even know
how big Le Le is now
I forgot
my husband doesn’t know I’ve been released
I’ll surprise him when I get home
Can’t believe seven years have passed
Everything in the house is just the same
Why is there lipstick?
That Shen Yu woman
Is she mentally ill or something?
Every year on her daughter’s death anniversary
she comes to the TV station’s gate for a memorial
So unlucky, it’s annoying
Shen Yu’s daughter
Didn’t she die right in front of the TV station?
Even the security guards don’t dare stop her
Then kick her out
Seeing her every day is such a nuisance